Hi guys, welcome to the first Beta test of FPG (Football Prediction Game).

The name is a working progress!! please reach out to me if you have any good ideas 

This is a game i have been building for a few weeks now. If you are aware
of the rules great! If not, feel free to type "rules" into this group chat. 

Along side coding the FPG logic, i have also built a facebook chat bot which will be 
used to run the game and provide us with the relevent updates. This will allow me to 
play the game as if i was any other player. As the game will be automatically monitored 
by the chat bot. (I also did it just because its pretty cool haha)

So lets get into how this is going to work... (excuse me if i get a tad technical here)

From this moment on the game is LIVE! Which means that this group chat will be monitored 
24/7 by the chat bot (hopefully!) The game and chat bot are running on a server (my 
raspbery pi) in my flat in london. So this does mean that if my flat was to get a power 
cut or in the more likey event i forget to pay my electricity bill the server will be 
down! This obviously isnt ideal. The reason I chose to do this as apose to using a cloud
computing provider was because to justify spending a considerable about of time doing 
this i told myself i was learning infrastructure and in that i wanted to have my own 
physical server. rightly or wrongly this is what i chose to do. so in the event that 
2020 throws another curve ball our way and zombies invade my flat and my server gets 
unplugged then, i will work as quickly as possible to get it back up and running. This 
however sometimes may not be possible right away. in the case it is down for a prolonged 
period of time. Myself or Val will update the scores manually. Please do bare with me on
this as it is still in testing stages. 

Another Much more likely caveate is if my code was to break. This however isn't as 
annoying as the server going down as it would highlight a bug in the game which i 
will be able to fix. And lets remember finding bugs is the main focus of a beta test.
Again if that happens and the game is down for a prolonged period of time the
management team will update the scores manually and attempt to keep the continuety of 
the game going. 

The game and chat bot is built in python, because python is the GOAT. Some of you may 
be asking but surely there is a much better language to build such a game in. To you i 
say PYTHON FTW! But yes there probably is but as i have mentioned this project was a 
oportunity to teach myself infrastructure not a new coding language. Hense why i have 
stuck with Python. Anyone who wants to look into the code is more than welcome to do 
so and will find it here https://github.com/tobygaskell/tesseract.git 

At the start of a new round in the premire league our chat bot will automatically message 
the group chat with: 

a) An update of the scores from the previous round 
b) An update of the overall standings of the players 
c) The fixtures for the next round 
d) Whether or not the upcoming round is:    
        a) A Double Point Weekend or 
        b) A Draw Weekend 

To input your team choice for that week all you have to do is, send a message to this 
group chat with the following format: 

    "Team = <your_team_choice>"

The chat bot will then read your choice, detect who has sent the message and input your 
name, choice and which round of the premier league it is into a SQL database. After it 
has successfully inputted your choice it will send you back a message confirming that 
your choice has been succesfully inputted. 

Then once the games for that week have been played FPG will automattically read the 
football scores from an API and update all our scores accordingly. No input from me
should be required unless something goes wrong!. (lets see how long that lasts). 

Then at the end of the premier league we should have a winner! But more importantly 
we should have a bug free game which we can role out properly next season!

If anyone has any questions feel free to ask! but i would like to point you to the help 
function of the chatbot. If you type 'help' into the chat you will get back a message 
outlining all the uses of the chatbot. 

So that is it. All the late night coding sessions and the endless typing has finnally 
reached the testing stage! I hope you all enjoy playing and as i say please do bare 
with me if anything goes wrong!! 

ALSO, Please excuse my spelling and grammar! I have been doing this mostly at night and 
my spelling and grammar arent the best under normal circumstances. i just appologise to
those who are affended by my poor english skills. 

The first set of fixtures we have to pick from are:
{}
Happy predicting! 